feat(crons): Add product docs for environments (#6679)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/crons/getting-started/cli.mdx

```bash {tabTitle: Node.JS}
sentry-cli monitors run my-monitor-slug -- node path/to/file.js
```

> ### Specifying monitor environments (Optional)
> 
> <Alert level="info">
>     The `sentry-cli` does not yet support specifying the monitor environment for checkins.
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Specifying Monitor Environments (Optional)

<Alert level="info">
    The `sentry-cli` doesn't currently support the ability to specify monitor environment for check-ins.
</Alert>
```
